2019-09-03 09:14 model: bert-base-uncased, max_lr: 2e-05, epochs: 10, bs: 2, train_size: 0.9375, weight decay: 0.01, Threshold: 0.75, Seed: 904727489, Data: ['1_classCorpus_Shrunk.tsv']
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\HadoopIllegalArgumentException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\HadoopVersionAnnotation.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\InterfaceAudience.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\InterfaceStability.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\ExcludePrivateAnnotationsJDiffDoclet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\ExcludePrivateAnnotationsStandardDoclet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\RootDocProcessor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\StabilityOptions.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\Configurable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\Configuration.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\Configured.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ConfServlet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\Reconfigurable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ReconfigurableBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ReconfigurationException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ReconfigurationServlet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ReconfigurationUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\AbstractFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\AvroFSInput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\BlockLocation.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\BufferedFSInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ChecksumException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ChecksumFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ChecksumFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\CommonConfigurationKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\CommonConfigurationKeysPublic.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ContentSummary.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\CreateFlag.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\DelegateToFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\DF.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\DU.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileAlreadyExistsException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileChecksum.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FilterFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FilterFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsConfig.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsConstants.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSDataInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSDataOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSError.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSInputChecker.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSOutputSummer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsServerDefaults.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsShell.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsShellPermissions.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsUrlConnection.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsUrlStreamHandler.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsUrlStreamHandlerFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\GlobExpander.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\GlobFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\GlobPattern.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\HardLink.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\InvalidPathException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\LocalDirAllocator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\LocalFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\LocalFileSystemConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\LocatedFileStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\MD5MD5CRC32FileChecksum.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Options.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ParentNotDirectoryException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Path.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\PathFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\PositionedReadable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\RawLocalFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\RemoteIterator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Seekable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Syncable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Trash.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\TrashPolicy.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\TrashPolicyDefault.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\UnresolvedLinkException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\UnsupportedFileSystemException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FtpConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FTPException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FTPFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FtpFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FTPInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\IFSImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KosmosFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\local\LocalConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\local\LocalFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\local\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\local\RawLocalFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\AccessControlException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\ChmodParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\FsAction.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\FsPermission.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\PermissionParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\PermissionStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\UmaskParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\Block.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\FileSystemStore.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\INode.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\Jets3tFileSystemStore.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\MigrationTool.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3Credentials.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3Exception.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3FileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3FileSystemConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3FileSystemException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3InputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3OutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\VersionMismatchException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\FileMetadata.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\Jets3tNativeFileSystemStore.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\NativeFileSystemStore.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\NativeS3FileSystem.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\PartialListing.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Command.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CommandFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CommandFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CommandUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CommandWithDestination.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CopyCommands.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Count.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Delete.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Display.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\FsCommand.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\FsUsage.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Ls.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Mkdir.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\MoveCommands.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\PathData.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\PathExceptions.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\SetReplication.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Stat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Tail.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Touchz.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ChRootedFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ChRootedFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ConfigUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\Constants.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\InodeTree.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ViewFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ViewFs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ViewFsFileStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\AdminAuthorizedServlet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\FilterContainer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\FilterInitializer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\HtmlQuoting.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\HttpServer.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\lib\StaticUserWebFilter.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\AbstractMapWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ArrayFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ArrayPrimitiveWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ArrayWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BinaryComparable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BloomMapFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BooleanWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BoundedByteArrayOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BytesWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ByteWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\Closeable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\CompressedWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataInputBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataInputByteBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataOutputBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataOutputByteBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataOutputOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DefaultStringifier.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DoubleWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\EnumSetWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\FloatWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\GenericWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\InputBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\IntWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\IOUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\LongWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\MapFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\MapWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\MD5Hash.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\MultipleIOException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\NullWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ObjectWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\OutputBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\RawComparator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\SecureIOUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\SequenceFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\SetFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\SortedMapWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\Stringifier.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\Text.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\TwoDArrayWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\UTF8.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\VersionedWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\VersionMismatchException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\VIntWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\VLongWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\Writable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableComparable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableComparator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableFactories.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableName.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\BlockCompressorStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\BlockDecompressorStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\BZip2Codec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CodecPool.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionCodecFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\Compressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressorStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\Decompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DecompressorStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DefaultCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DeflateCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DoNotPool.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\GzipCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\SnappyCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\SplitCompressionInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\SplittableCompressionCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\BZip2Constants.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\BZip2DummyCompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\BZip2DummyDecompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\CBZip2InputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\CBZip2OutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\CRC.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\snappy\LoadSnappy.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\snappy\SnappyCompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\snappy\SnappyDecompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\BuiltInGzipDecompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\BuiltInZlibDeflater.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\BuiltInZlibInflater.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\ZlibCompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\ZlibDecompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\ZlibFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\BCFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\BoundedRangeFileInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\ByteArray.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\Chunk.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\CompareUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\Compression.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\MetaBlockAlreadyExists.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\MetaBlockDoesNotExist.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\RawComparable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\SimpleBufferedOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\TFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\TFileDumper.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\Utils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\nativeio\Errno.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\nativeio\NativeIO.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\nativeio\NativeIOException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\DefaultFailoverProxyProvider.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\FailoverProxyProvider.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\Idempotent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\RetryInvocationHandler.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\RetryPolicies.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\RetryPolicy.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\RetryProxy.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\Deserializer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\DeserializerComparator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\JavaSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\JavaSerializationComparator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\Serialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\SerializationFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\Serializer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\WritableSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroReflectSerializable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroReflectSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroSpecificSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\AvroRpcEngine.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\AvroSpecificRpcEngine.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\Client.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\ClientCache.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\ConnectionHeader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\ProtocolProxy.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\ProtocolSignature.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RemoteException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RPC.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RpcClientException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RpcEngine.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RpcException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RpcServerException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\Server.java -> audit
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\StandbyException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\Status.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\UnexpectedServerException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\VersionedProtocol.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\WritableRpcEngine.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\metrics\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\metrics\RpcDetailedMetrics.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\metrics\RpcMetrics.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\jmx\JMXJsonServlet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\jmx\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\log\EventCounter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\log\LogLevel.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\log\metrics\EventCounter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\ContextFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\MetricsContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\MetricsException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\MetricsRecord.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\MetricsServlet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\MetricsUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\Updater.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\file\FileContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\ganglia\GangliaContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\ganglia\GangliaContext31.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\jvm\EventCounter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\jvm\JvmMetrics.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\jvm\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\AbstractMetricsContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\CompositeContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\MetricsRecordImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\MetricValue.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\NoEmitMetricsContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\NullContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\NullContextWithUpdateThread.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\OutputRecord.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\Util.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MBeanUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsDynamicMBeanBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsIntValue.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsLongValue.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsRegistry.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsTimeVaryingInt.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsTimeVaryingLong.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsTimeVaryingRate.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\AbstractMetric.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsCollector.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsPlugin.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsRecord.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsRecordBuilder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsSink.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsSource.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsSystemMXBean.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsTag.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsVisitor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricType.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\annotation\Metric.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\annotation\Metrics.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\annotation\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\filter\AbstractPatternFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\filter\GlobFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\filter\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\filter\RegexFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\AbstractMetricsRecord.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MBeanInfoBuilder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricCounterInt.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricCounterLong.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeDouble.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeFloat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeInt.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeLong.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsBufferBuilder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsCollectorImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsConfig.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsConfigException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsRecordBuilderImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsRecordFiltered.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsRecordImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsSinkAdapter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsSourceAdapter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsSystemImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MsInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\SinkQueue.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\DefaultMetricsFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\DefaultMetricsSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\Interns.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MethodMetric.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MetricsAnnotations.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MetricsInfoImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MetricsRegistry.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MetricsSourceBuilder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableCounter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableCounterInt.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableCounterLong.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableGauge.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableGaugeInt.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableGaugeLong.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableMetric.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableMetricsFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableRate.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableRates.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableStat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\UniqueNames.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\FileSink.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\AbstractGangliaSink.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaConf.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaMetricVisitor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaSink30.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaSink31.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\source\JvmMetrics.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\source\JvmMetricsInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\Contracts.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\MBeans.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\MetricsCache.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\SampleStat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\Servers.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\CachedDNSToSwitchMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\DNS.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\DNSToSwitchMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\NetUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\NetworkTopology.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\Node.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\NodeBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\ScriptBasedMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\SocketInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\SocketIOWithTimeout.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\SocketOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\SocksSocketFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\StandardSocketFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\BinaryRecordInput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\BinaryRecordOutput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\Buffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\CsvRecordInput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\CsvRecordOutput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\Index.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\Record.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\RecordComparator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\RecordInput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\RecordOutput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\Utils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\XmlRecordInput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\XmlRecordOutput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\CGenerator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\CodeBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\CodeGenerator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\Consts.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\CppGenerator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JavaGenerator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JBoolean.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JByte.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JCompType.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JDouble.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JField.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JFloat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JInt.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JLong.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JMap.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JRecord.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JString.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JType.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JVector.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\ant\RccTask.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\ParseException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\Rcc.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\RccConstants.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\RccTokenManager.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\SimpleCharStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\Token.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\TokenMgrError.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\FieldTypeInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\MapTypeID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\RecordTypeInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\StructTypeID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\TypeID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\Utils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\VectorTypeID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\AccessControlException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\AnnotatedSecurityInfo.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\Credentials.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\GroupMappingServiceProvider.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\Groups.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\JniBasedUnixGroupsMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\JniBasedUnixGroupsNetgroupMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\KerberosInfo.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\KerberosName.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\Krb5AndCertsSslSocketConnector.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\NetgroupCache.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\RefreshUserMappingsProtocol.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SaslInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SaslOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SaslRpcClient.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SaslRpcServer.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SecurityInfo.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SecurityUtil.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\ShellBasedUnixGroupsMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\ShellBasedUnixGroupsNetgroupMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\User.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\UserGroupInformation.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\AccessControlList.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\AuthorizationException.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\PolicyProvider.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\ProxyUsers.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\RefreshAuthorizationPolicyProtocol.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\Service.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\ServiceAuthorizationManager.java -> audit
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\SecretManager.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\Token.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\TokenIdentifier.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\TokenInfo.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\TokenSelector.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\delegation\AbstractDelegationTokenIdentifier.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\delegation\AbstractDelegationTokenSecretManager.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\delegation\AbstractDelegationTokenSelector.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\delegation\DelegationKey.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\tools\GetGroupsBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\tools\GetUserMappingsProtocol.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\AsyncDiskService.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\CyclicIteration.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\Daemon.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\DataChecksum.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\DiskChecker.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\GenericOptionsParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\GenericsUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\HeapSort.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\HostsFileReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\IndexedSortable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\IndexedSorter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\LineReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\MergeSort.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\NativeCodeLoader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\Options.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PlatformName.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PrintJarMainClass.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PriorityQueue.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ProgramDriver.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\Progress.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\Progressable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ProtoUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PureJavaCrc32.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PureJavaCrc32C.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\QuickSort.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ReflectionUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\RunJar.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ServicePlugin.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ServletUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\Shell.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\StringUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\Tool.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ToolRunner.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\UTF8ByteArrayUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\VersionInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\XMLUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\BloomFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\CountingBloomFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\DynamicBloomFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\Filter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\HashFunction.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\Key.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\RemoveScheme.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\RetouchedBloomFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\hash\Hash.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\hash\JenkinsHash.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\hash\MurmurHash.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\DfsTask.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\condition\DfsBaseConditional.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\condition\DfsExists.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\condition\DfsIsDir.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\condition\DfsZeroLen.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Hdfs.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\BlockMissingException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\BlockReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\ByteRangeInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\CorruptFileBlockIterator.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DeprecatedUTF8.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSClient.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSOutputStream.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSUtil.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DistributedFileSystem.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\HdfsConfiguration.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\HDFSPolicyProvider.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\HftpFileSystem.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\HsftpFileSystem.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\LeaseRenewer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\SocketCache.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\AlreadyBeingCreatedException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\Block.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\BlockListAsLongs.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\ClientDatanodeProtocol.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\ClientProtocol.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\CorruptFileBlocks.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\DatanodeID.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\DatanodeInfo.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\DirectoryListing.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\DSQuotaExceededException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\ExtendedBlock.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\FSConstants.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\FSLimitException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\HdfsFileStatus.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\HdfsLocatedFileStatus.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\HdfsProtoUtil.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\LayoutVersion.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\LocatedBlock.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\LocatedBlocks.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\NSQuotaExceededException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\QuotaExceededException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\RecoveryInProgressException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\UnregisteredNodeException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\UnresolvedPathException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\BlockConstructionStage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\DataTransferProtocol.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\DataTransferProtoUtil.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\Op.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\PacketHeader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\PipelineAck.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\Receiver.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\ReplaceDatanodeOnFailure.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\Sender.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\proto\DataTransferProtos.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\proto\HdfsProtos.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockKey.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockPoolTokenSecretManager.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockTokenIdentifier.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockTokenSecretManager.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockTokenSelector.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\ExportedBlockKeys.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\InvalidBlockTokenException.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenIdentifier.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenSecretManager.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenSelector.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\balancer\Balancer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\balancer\BalancingPolicy.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\balancer\NameNodeConnector.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockInfoUnderConstruction.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockPlacementPolicy.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockPlacementPolicyDefault.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlocksMap.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\CorruptReplicasMap.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\DatanodeDescriptor.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\DatanodeManager.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\DecommissionManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\Host2NodesMap.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\NumberReplicas.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\PendingReplicationBlocks.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\UnderReplicatedBlocks.java -> scheduler
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\GenerationStamp.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\HdfsConstants.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\InconsistentFSStateException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\IncorrectVersionException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\JspHelper.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\Storage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\StorageInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\Upgradeable.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeObject.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeObjectCollection.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeStatusReport.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\Util.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockMetadataHeader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockPoolSliceScanner.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockPoolSliceStorage.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockReceiver.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockSender.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockVolumeChoosingPolicy.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ChunkChecksum.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataBlockScanner.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataNode.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DatanodeJspHelper.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataNodeMXBean.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataStorage.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataXceiver.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataXceiverServer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DirectoryScanner.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\FinalizedReplica.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\FSDataset.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\FSDatasetAsyncDiskService.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\FSDatasetInterface.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\Replica.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaAlreadyExistsException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaBeingWritten.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaInPipeline.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaInPipelineInterface.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaNotFoundException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicasMap.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaUnderRecovery.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaWaitingToBeRecovered.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\RoundRobinVolumesPolicy.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\SecureDataNodeStarter.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\UpgradeManagerDatanode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\UpgradeObjectDatanode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\metrics\DataNodeMetrics.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\metrics\FSDatasetMBean.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\BackupImage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\BackupNode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\CancelDelegationTokenServlet.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\Checkpointer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\CheckpointSignature.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\ClusterJspHelper.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\ContentSummaryServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\DfsServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogBackupInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogBackupOutputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogFileInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogFileOutputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogOutputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditsDoubleBuffer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FileChecksumServlets.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FileDataServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FsckServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSClusterStats.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSDirectory.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLog.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLogLoader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLogOp.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLogOpCodes.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSImage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSImageCompression.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSImageFormat.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSImageSerialization.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSInodeInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSNamesystem.java -> audit
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSPermissionChecker.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\GetDelegationTokenServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\GetImageServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeDirectory.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeDirectoryWithQuota.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeFile.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeFileUnderConstruction.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeSymlink.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\JournalStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\LeaseExpiredException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\LeaseManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\ListPathsServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NameCache.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NameNode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NamenodeFsck.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NameNodeHttpServer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NamenodeJspHelper.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NameNodeMXBean.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NameNodeResourceChecker.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NNStorage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NotReplicatedYetException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\RenewDelegationTokenServlet.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\SafeModeException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\SecondaryNameNode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\SerialNumberManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\StreamFile.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\TransferFsImage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\UnsupportedActionException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\UpgradeManagerNamenode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\UpgradeObjectNamenode.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\metrics\FSNamesystemMBean.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\metrics\NameNodeMetrics.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\BlockCommand.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\BlockRecoveryCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\BlocksWithLocations.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\CheckpointCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\DatanodeCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\DatanodeProtocol.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\DatanodeRegistration.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\DisallowedDatanodeException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\InterDatanodeProtocol.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\KeyUpdateCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeProtocol.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeProtocols.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeRegistration.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamespaceInfo.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NodeRegistration.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\ReplicaRecoveryInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\ServerCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\UpgradeCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\DelegationTokenFetcher.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\DFSAdmin.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\DFSck.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\GetConf.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\GetGroups.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\HDFSConcat.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\JMXGet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\BinaryEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\BinaryTokenizer.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsElement.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsLoader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsLoaderCurrent.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsVisitorFactory.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\OfflineEditsViewer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\StatisticsEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\TextEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\Tokenizer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\TokenizerFactory.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\XmlEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\XmlTokenizer.java -> authenticate
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\DelimitedImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\DepthCounter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\FileDistributionVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\ImageLoader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\ImageLoaderCurrent.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\ImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\IndentedImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\LsImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\NameDistributionVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\OfflineImageViewer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\TextWriterImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\XmlImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\ByteArray.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\ByteBufferOutputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\DataTransferThrottler.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\ExactSizeInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\GSet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\GSetByHashMap.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\LightWeightGSet.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\benchmarks\gridmix2\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\CombinerJobCreator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\benchmarks\gridmix2\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\GenericMRLoadJobCreator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\benchmarks\gridmix2\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\GridMixRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\block_forensics\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\blockforensics\BlockSearch.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AbstractQueue.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CapacitySchedulerConf.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CapacityTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ContainerQueue.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobInitializationPoller.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueue.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueuesManager.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MemoryMatcher.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueHierarchyBuilder.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueSchedulingContext.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskDataView.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskSchedulingContext.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\SampleDataJoinMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\SampleDataJoinReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\SampleTaggedMapOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\ArrayListBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\DataJoinJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\DataJoinMapperBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\DataJoinReducerBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\JobBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\ResetableIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\TaggedMapOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AllocationStore.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\BudgetQueue.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DynamicPriorityScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DynamicPriorityServlet.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileAllocationStore.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PriorityAuthorization.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PriorityScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueAllocation.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueAllocator.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\Activator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\ErrorMessageDialog.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\HadoopPerspectiveFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\ImageLibrary.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\MapReduceNature.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewDriverWizard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewDriverWizardPage.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewMapperWizard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewMapReduceProjectWizard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewReducerWizard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\PropertyTester.java -> audit
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\DFSActionImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\EditLocationAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\NewLocationAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\OpenNewMRClassWizardAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\OpenNewMRProjectAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\ActionProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSActions.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSContent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSContentProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSFile.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSFolder.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSLocation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSLocationsRoot.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSMessage.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSPath.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\launch\HadoopApplicationLaunchShortcut.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\launch\LocalMapReduceLaunchTabGroup.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\launch\MutexRule.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\launch\StartHadoopLaunchTabGroup.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\preferences\MapReducePreferencePage.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\preferences\PreferenceConstants.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\preferences\PreferenceInitializer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\ConfProp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\HadoopJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\HadoopPathPage.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\HadoopServer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\IJobListener.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\JarModule.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\HadoopLocationWizard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\HadoopServerSelectionListContentProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\IHadoopServerListener.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\RunOnHadoopWizard.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\ServerRegistry.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\view\servers\ServerView.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AllocationConfigurationException.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CapBasedLoadManager.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DefaultTaskSelector.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FairScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FairSchedulerEventLog.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FairSchedulerServlet.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FifoJobComparator.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobSchedulable.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LoadManager.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LocalityLevel.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\NewJobWeightBooster.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Pool.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PoolManager.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PoolSchedulable.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Schedulable.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SchedulingAlgorithms.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SchedulingMode.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskSelector.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\WeightAdjuster.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\AvgRecordFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\ClusterSummarizer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\CompressionEmulationUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\DistributedCacheEmulator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\EchoUserResolver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\ExecutionSummarizer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\FilePool.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\FileQueue.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GenerateData.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GenerateDistCacheData.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\Gridmix.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixJobSubmissionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixKey.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixRecord.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\InputStriper.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\IntermediateRecordFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobCreator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobMonitor.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobSubmitter.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\LoadJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\LoadSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\Progressive.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\PseudoLocalFs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\RandomAlgorithms.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\RandomTextDataGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\ReadRecordFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\RecordFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\ReplayJobFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\RoundRobinUserResolver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\SerialJobFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\SleepJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\Statistics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\StatListener.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\StressJobFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\SubmitterUserResolver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\Summarizer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\UserResolver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\CumulativeCpuUsageEmulatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\ResourceUsageEmulatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\ResourceUsageMatcher.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\TotalHeapUsageEmulatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\HashingDistributionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\IdentityLocalAnalysis.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\LineDocInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\LineDocLocalAnalysis.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\LineDocRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\LineDocTextAndOp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\RoundRobinDistributionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\FileSystemDirectory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\LuceneIndexFileNameFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\LuceneUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\MixedDeletionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\MixedDirectory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\RAMDirectoryUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\ShardWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\main\UpdateIndex.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\DocumentAndOp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\DocumentID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IDistributionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IIndexUpdater.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\ILocalAnalysis.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdateCombiner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdateConfiguration.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdateMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdateOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdatePartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdater.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdateReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IntermediateForm.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\Shard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AllMapsCompletedTaskAction.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FakeConcurrentHashMap.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\HeartbeatEvent.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobCompleteEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobSubmissionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LoadProbingEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorClock.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorCSJobInitializationThread.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorEngine.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorEventListener.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorEventQueue.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobClient.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobInProgress.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobStory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobStoryProducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobSubmissionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobTracker.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorLaunchTaskAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorTaskTracker.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorTaskTrackerStatus.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorThreadWakeUpEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskAttemptCompletionEvent.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DistributedRaidFileSystem.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\RaidDFSUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockPlacementPolicyRaid.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\RaidBlockSender.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NameNodeRaidUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\BlockFixer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ConfigManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\Decoder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\DirectoryTraversal.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\DistBlockFixer.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\DistRaid.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\DistRaidNode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\Encoder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ErasureCode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\GaloisField.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\HarIndex.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\JobMonitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\LocalBlockFixer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\LocalRaidNode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ParityInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidConfigurationException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidNode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidShell.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidUtils.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ReedSolomonCode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ReedSolomonDecoder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ReedSolomonEncoder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\XORDecoder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\XOREncoder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\protocol\PolicyInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\protocol\PolicyList.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\protocol\RaidProtocol.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\AutoInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\DumpTypedBytes.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\Environment.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\HadoopStreaming.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\JarBuilder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\LoadTypedBytes.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PathFinder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeCombiner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeMapRed.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeMapRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamBaseRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamKeyValUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamXmlRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\IdentifierResolver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\InputWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\OutputReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\RawBytesInputWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\RawBytesOutputReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\TextInputWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\TextOutputReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\TypedBytesInputWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\TypedBytesOutputReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\Type.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesInput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesRecordInput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesRecordOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesWritableInput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\TypedBytesWritableOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\DiagnosticTest.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\JobDiagnoser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\postexdiagnosis\PostExPerformanceDiagnoser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\statistics\job\JobStatistics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\statistics\job\JobStatisticsInterface.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\statistics\job\MapTaskStatistics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\statistics\job\ReduceTaskStatistics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\statistics\job\TaskStatistics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\util\XMLUtils.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaConfiguration.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaInputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaRecord.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaRecordWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaStreamingInput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaStreamingOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaStreamingRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaStreamingRecordWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\AggregateWordCount.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\AggregateWordHistogram.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\BaileyBorweinPlouffe.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\DBCountPageView.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\ExampleDriver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\Grep.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\Join.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\MultiFileWordCount.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\QuasiMonteCarlo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\RandomTextWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\RandomWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\SecondarySort.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\Sort.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\WordCount.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\DancingLinks.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\DistributedPentomino.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\OneSidedPentomino.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\Pentomino.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\Sudoku.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\Combinable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\Container.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\DistBbp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\DistSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\Parser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\SummationWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\TaskResult.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\Util.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\ArithmeticProgression.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\Bellard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\LongLong.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\Modular.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\Montgomery.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\Summation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\GenSort.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\Random16.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraChecksum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraGen.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraSort.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraValidate.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\Unsigned16.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\filecache\DistributedCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\filecache\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ACLsManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AdminOperationsProtocol.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AuditLogger.java -> audit
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\BackupStore.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\BasicTypeSorterBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\BufferSorter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Child.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CleanupQueue.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Clock.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ClusterStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CommitTaskAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CompletedJobStatusStore.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CompositeTaskTrackerInstrumentation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Counters.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DefaultTaskController.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DeprecatedQueueConfigurationParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DisallowedTaskTrackerException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\EagerTaskInitializationListener.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileAlreadyExistsException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileOutputCommitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\HeartbeatResponse.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\IFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\IFileInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\IFileOutputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\IndexCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InterTrackerProtocol.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InvalidFileTypeException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InvalidInputException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InvalidJobConfException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobACLsManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobChangeEvent.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobClient.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobConf.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobConfigurable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobEndNotifier.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobInProgress.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobInProgressListener.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobPriority.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobProfile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueClient.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueInfo.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueJobInProgressListener.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobStatus.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobStatusChangeEvent.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTracker.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerClientProtocolProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerInstrumentation.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerMetricsInst.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerStatistics.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JSPUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JvmContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JVMId.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JvmManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JvmTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\KeyValueLineRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\KeyValueTextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\KillJobAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\KillTaskAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LaunchTaskAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LimitTasksPerJobTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LineRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LinuxTaskController.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LocalClientProtocolProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LocalJobRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapOutputFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Mapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapReduceBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapReducePolicyProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapRunnable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapTaskRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapTaskStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Merger.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MergeSorter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MRConstants.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MultiFileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MultiFileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\NodeHealthCheckerService.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Operation.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\OutputCollector.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\OutputCommitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\OutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\OutputLogFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Partitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Queue.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueACL.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueAclsInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueConfigurationParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueManager.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RamManager.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RawKeyValueIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RecordWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Reducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReduceTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReduceTaskRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReduceTaskStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReinitTrackerAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Reporter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ResourceEstimator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RunningJob.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileAsTextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileAsTextRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileInputFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SkipBadRecords.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SortedRanges.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SpillRecord.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\StatisticsCollector.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Task.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskAttemptContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskAttemptContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskAttemptID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskController.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskGraphServlet.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskInProgress.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskLog.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskLogAppender.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskLogServlet.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskMemoryManagerThread.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskReport.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskStatus.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerInstrumentation.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerManager.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerMetricsInst.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskUmbilicalProtocol.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TextOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TIPStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\UserLogCleaner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Utils.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\jobcontrol\Job.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\jobcontrol\JobControl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ArrayListBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ComposableInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ComposableRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\CompositeInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\CompositeInputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\CompositeRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\InnerJoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\JoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\MultiFilterRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\OuterJoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\OverrideRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\Parser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ResetableIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\StreamBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\TupleWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\WrappedRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\BinaryPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\Chain.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\ChainMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\ChainReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\CombineFileInputFormat.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\CombineFileRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\CombineFileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\DelegatingInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\DelegatingMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\FieldSelectionMapReduce.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\FilterOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\HashPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\IdentityMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\IdentityReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\InputSampler.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\InverseMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\KeyFieldBasedComparator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\KeyFieldBasedPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\LazyOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\LongSumReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleInputs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleOutputs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleSequenceFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleTextOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultithreadedMapRunner.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\NLineInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\NullOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\RegexMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\TaggedInputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\TokenCountMapper.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\TotalOrderPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\DoubleValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\LongValueMax.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\LongValueMin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\LongValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\StringValueMax.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\StringValueMin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\UniqValueCount.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\UserDefinedValueAggregatorDescriptor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorBaseDescriptor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorCombiner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorDescriptor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorJobBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueHistogram.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\db\DBConfiguration.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\db\DBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\db\DBOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\db\DBWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\Application.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\BinaryProtocol.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\DownwardProtocol.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\OutputHandler.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesMapRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesNonJavaInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\Submitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\UpwardProtocol.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\tools\GetGroups.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\tools\MRAdmin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Cluster.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\ClusterMetrics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Counter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\CounterGroup.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Counters.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\ID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\InputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\InputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Job.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobACL.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobPriority.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobStatus.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobSubmissionFiles.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobSubmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MapContext.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Mapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MarkableIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MarkableIteratorInterface.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MRConfig.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MRJobConfig.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\OutputCommitter.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\OutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Partitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\QueueAclsInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\QueueInfo.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\QueueState.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\RecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\RecordWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\ReduceContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\Reducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\StatusReporter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskAttemptContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskAttemptID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskInputOutputContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskReport.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskTrackerInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskType.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\ClientDistributedCacheManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\DistributedCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\TaskDistributedCacheManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\TrackerDistributedCacheManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\EventReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\EventWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\HistoryEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\HistoryViewer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobHistory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobHistoryParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobInfoChangeEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobInitedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobPriorityChangeEvent.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobStatusChangedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobSubmittedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobUnsuccessfulCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\MapAttemptFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\ReduceAttemptFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskAttemptFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskAttemptStartedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskAttemptUnsuccessfulCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskFailedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskStartedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskUpdatedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\DoubleValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\LongValueMax.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\LongValueMin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\LongValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\StringValueMax.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\StringValueMin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\UniqValueCount.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\UserDefinedValueAggregatorDescriptor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorBaseDescriptor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorCombiner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorDescriptor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorJobBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueHistogram.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\Chain.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\ChainMapContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\ChainMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\ChainReduceContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\ChainReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\BigDecimalSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\BooleanSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DataDrivenDBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DataDrivenDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DateSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBConfiguration.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\FloatSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\IntegerSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\MySQLDataDrivenDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\MySQLDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDataDrivenDBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDataDrivenDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDateSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\TextSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\fieldsel\FieldSelectionHelper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\fieldsel\FieldSelectionMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\fieldsel\FieldSelectionReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\CombineFileInputFormat.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\CombineFileRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\CombineFileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\DelegatingInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\DelegatingMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\DelegatingRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\FileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\FileInputFormatCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\FileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\InvalidInputException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\KeyValueLineRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\KeyValueTextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\LineRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\MultipleInputs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\NLineInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileAsBinaryInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileAsTextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileAsTextRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileInputFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\TaggedInputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\TextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\jobcontrol\ControlledJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\jobcontrol\JobControl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ArrayListBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ComposableInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ComposableRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\CompositeInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\CompositeInputSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\CompositeRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\InnerJoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\JoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\MultiFilterRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\OuterJoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\OverrideRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\Parser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ResetableIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\StreamBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\TupleWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\WrappedRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\InverseMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\MultithreadedMapper.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\RegexMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\TokenCounterMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\WrappedMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FileOutputCommitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FileOutputFormatCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FilterOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\LazyOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\MapFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\MultipleOutputs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\NullOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\SequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\SequenceFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\TextOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\BinaryPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\HashPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\InputSampler.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\KeyFieldBasedComparator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\KeyFieldBasedPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\KeyFieldHelper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\TotalOrderPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\reduce\IntSumReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\reduce\LongSumReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\reduce\WrappedReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\protocol\ClientProtocol.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\protocol\ClientProtocolProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\protocol\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\SecureShuffleUtils.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\TokenCache.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\DelegationTokenRenewal.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\JobTokenIdentifier.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\JobTokenSecretManager.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\JobTokenSelector.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\package-info.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenIdentifier.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenSecretManager.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenSelector.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\delegation\package-info.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\jobtracker\JobTrackerJspHelper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\jobtracker\JTConfig.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\jobtracker\State.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\jobtracker\TaskTracker.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\tasktracker\Localizer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\tasktracker\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\tasktracker\TTConfig.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\split\JobSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\split\JobSplitWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\split\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\split\SplitMetaInfoReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\JobContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\MapContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\ReduceContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\TaskAttemptContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\TaskInputOutputContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\EventFetcher.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\ExceptionReporter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\Fetcher.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\InMemoryReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\InMemoryWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\MapHost.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\MapOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\MergeManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\MergeThread.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\Shuffle.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\ShuffleClientMetrics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\ShuffleHeader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\ShuffleScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\tools\CLI.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ConfigUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\LinuxMemoryCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\LinuxResourceCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\MemoryCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\MRAsyncDiskService.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ProcessTree.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ProcfsBasedProcessTree.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ResourceCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\LinuxMemoryCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\MemoryCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ProcessTree.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ProcfsBasedProcessTree.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\fs\HarFileSystem.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\fs\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\DistCh.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\DistCp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\DistTool.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\HadoopArchives.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\Logalyzer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\AbstractClusterStory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\CDFPiecewiseLinearRandomGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\CDFRandomGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ClusterStory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ClusterTopologyReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\CurrentJHParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DeepCompare.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DeepInequalityException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DefaultInputDemuxer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DefaultOutputter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DeskewedJobTraceReader.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Folder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Hadoop20JHParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\HadoopLogsAnalyzer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Histogram.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\HistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\InputDemuxer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Job20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobBuilder.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobConfigurationParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobConfPropertyNames.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobHistoryParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobHistoryParserFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobStory.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobStoryProducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobTraceReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JsonObjectMapperParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JsonObjectMapperWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedDiscreteCDF.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedJob.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedLocation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedNetworkTopology.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedSingleRelativeRanking.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedTaskAttempt.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LogRecordType.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\MachineNode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\MapAttempt20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\MapTaskAttemptInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Node.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Outputter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Pair.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ParsedConfigFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ParsedHost.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ParsedLine.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\PossiblyDecompressedInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Pre21JobHistoryConstants.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\RackNode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\RandomSeedGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ReduceAttempt20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ReduceTaskAttemptInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ResourceUsageMetrics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\RewindableInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\SingleEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Task20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TaskAttempt20LineEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TaskAttemptInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TaskInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TopologyBuilder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TraceBuilder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TreePath.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Version20LogInterfaceUtils.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ZombieCluster.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ZombieJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ZombieJobProducer.java -> unrelated
