2019-08-16 19:00 model: bert-base-uncased, max_lr: 2e-05, epochs: 10, bs: 4, msl: 512, train_size: 0.9, BERT-Adam: True, FP16: False, Loss: CrossEntropyLoss(), Threshold: 0.75, Seed: 904727489, Data: ['1_classCorpus_BegOnly_512.tsv']
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MsInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamInputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JType.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\Submitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\CombineFileInputFormat.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\split\JobSplitWriter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\Container.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\filter\RegexFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\ID.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\condition\DfsBaseConditional.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\hash\MurmurHash.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RawKeyValueIterator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BloomMapFile.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\ListPathsServlet.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\jmx\JMXJsonServlet.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CleanupQueue.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MRConstants.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3InputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\Token.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\Bellard.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MethodMetric.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\CGenerator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\local\LocalConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ResetableIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\source\JvmMetricsInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\ExtendedBlock.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\TrashPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\Shard.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\MBeans.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\StructTypeID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\KeyValueLineRecordReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\TokenizerFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JMap.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\Reconfigurable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\IdentityLocalAnalysis.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\ShellBasedUnixGroupsMapping.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\file\FileContext.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockTokenSelector.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\ImageLibrary.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\BackupNode.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\CountingBloomFilter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobStoryProducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobSubmitter.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\HistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\InterfaceStability.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\Util.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\BuiltInZlibDeflater.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JBoolean.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InvalidInputException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ConfServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\RenewDelegationTokenServlet.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LoadManager.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsTimeVaryingInt.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\CheckpointSignature.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\ExceptionReporter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\KerberosInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\AbstractMetricsRecord.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\DiskChecker.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FtpConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LocalityLevel.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\BigDecimalSplitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CommandWithDestination.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DataDrivenDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IDistributionPolicy.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\delegation\DelegationKey.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobCompleteEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\ScriptBasedMapping.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\Idempotent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDataDrivenDBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JDouble.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\PartialListing.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdatePartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReinitTrackerAction.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaMetricVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\TrackerDistributedCacheManager.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\MD5Hash.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedDiscreteCDF.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\DownwardProtocol.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueuesManager.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PrioritySchedulerOptions.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\LoadJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ClusterStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\InMemoryWriter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ProcessTree.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\JspHelper.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\CBZip2OutputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\RandomTextDataGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\db\DBWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\jobcontrol\ControlledJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CapBasedLoadManager.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\GetGroups.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobProfile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\preferences\PreferenceInitializer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\DataJoinReducerBase.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\Host2NodesMap.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\ZlibDecompressor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ProgramDriver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\DocumentID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\ContextFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\UnexpectedServerException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\HDFSPolicyProvider.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ChecksumFileSystem.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskAttemptStartedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ZombieJobProducer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\HadoopIllegalArgumentException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MemoryMatcher.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricCounterLong.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\UserDefinedValueAggregatorDescriptor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeLong.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\CommonConfigurationKeys.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\NSQuotaExceededException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IndexUpdateReducer.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SchedulingAlgorithms.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\HistoryEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\UTF8ByteArrayUtils.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueConfigurationParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\DefaultMetricsFactory.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\BinaryEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\MapAttemptFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\CompressionEmulationUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\HadoopLogsAnalyzer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\StabilityOptions.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BoundedByteArrayOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\MoveCommands.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\Gridmix.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobChangeEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroSerialization.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\IJobListener.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSInodeInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\ShuffleHeader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FairScheduler.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ReduceTaskAttemptInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\InputDemuxer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\metrics\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\RawBytesOutputReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\JarModule.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\StatisticsEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\JobBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\RawLocalFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\Credentials.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsSystemMXBean.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeProtocols.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\LongValueMax.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\BufferSorter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\QueueAclsInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeRegistration.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\NoEmitMetricsContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorClock.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\CompositeRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\WritableComparable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\Fetcher.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\HadoopServer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LocalClientProtocolProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\protocol\PolicyInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TraceBuilder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FakeConcurrentHashMap.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\BinaryRecordOutput.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CompletedJobStatusStore.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\FloatSplitter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\UpgradeObjectNamenode.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\S3NativeFileSystemConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LimitTasksPerJobTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\ant\RccTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapTaskStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Version20LogInterfaceUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\FilterContainer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ArrayListBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataXceiverServer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\DistBlockFixer.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\HeapSort.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\DatanodeCommand.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\SingleEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AllMapsCompletedTaskAction.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SaslRpcClient.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\AccessControlList.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DatanodeJspHelper.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\DepthCounter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\GetConf.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MapContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TaskAttempt20LineEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroSpecificSerialization.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockPoolTokenSecretManager.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaNotFoundException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\Replica.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsElement.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\reduce\WrappedReducer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamenodeCommand.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\GenericsUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobMonitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorCombiner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Job20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsServerDefaults.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobInProgress.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\InputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FTPException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RpcServerException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\TFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\IFileInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\Chunk.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\LoadProbingEvent.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\DataTransferProtocol.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\ImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\IntermediateForm.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\ChainMapContextImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\FailoverProxyProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileAsTextRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\NodeHealthCheckerService.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\UserResolver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskLog.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\MetricsCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerClientProtocolProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AdminOperationsProtocol.java -> scheduler
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockReceiver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\TypedBytesOutputReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\TextWriterImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JvmTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\StringValueMax.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaUtil.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\DfsTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ObjectWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\NetUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\log\metrics\EventCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileAsBinaryOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\InMemoryReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsTimeVaryingRate.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockTokenIdentifier.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\StandbyException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsConstants.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\snappy\SnappyCompressor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ServletUtil.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSConfigKeys.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\CompressedWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GenerateData.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\DFSUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewDriverWizard.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\CppGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\HadoopLocationWizard.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ArrayPrimitiveWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\OutputRecord.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\IntegerSplitter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\UnderReplicatedBlocks.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MarkableIterator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\CyclicIteration.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ConfigUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\MapReduceNature.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\ant\org\apache\hadoop\ant\condition\DfsExists.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\ServerRegistry.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InterTrackerProtocol.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DirectoryScanner.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\MySQLDataDrivenDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\SampleStat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\MarkableIteratorInterface.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3FileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\SocketIOWithTimeout.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\RamManager.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\Krb5AndCertsSslSocketConnector.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CommitTaskAction.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\MetricsRecordImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\BooleanWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\Key.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\CombineFileRecordReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\OfflineImageViewer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\FsAction.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileOutputCommitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vertica\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vertica\VerticaOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\VersionMismatchException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataOutputBuffer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DisallowedTaskTrackerException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamBaseRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\Closeable.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\FSDataset.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\Grep.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\TextEditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaSink31.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\SimpleBufferedOutputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ResourceUsageMetrics.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\MetricsException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DynamicPriorityScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\LineDocTextAndOp.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\Serialization.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\BasicTypeSorterBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JvmManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\IdentifierResolver.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressorStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenSecretManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\StringValueMin.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\TokenMgrError.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileRecordReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\metrics\FSNamesystemMBean.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JLong.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RpcEngine.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\HashFunction.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\Deserializer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PriorityScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesNonJavaInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueHierarchyBuilder.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\PositionedReadable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\protocol\ClientProtocolProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\TaskInputOutputContextImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\statistics\job\MapTaskStatistics.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ZombieCluster.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\InconsistentFSStateException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\LsImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SequenceFileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\NullWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\RecordComparator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\DU.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\Contracts.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\NullContext.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\LongValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\WordCount.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FSOutputSummer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\FieldTypeInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FilterFs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\PossiblyDecompressedInputStream.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapTaskCompletionEventsUpdate.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobConf.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\Interns.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\LocalFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Delete.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\StreamUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\QueueSchedulingContext.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\DiagnosticTest.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DefaultCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileChecksum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\RecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueClient.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\RPC.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\StatisticsCollector.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\HeartbeatEvent.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\nativeio\NativeIOException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\CheckpointCommand.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\NNStorage.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\ResourceUsageMatcher.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MergeSorter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\CorruptFileBlocks.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorReducer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaInPipelineInterface.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PureJavaCrc32C.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\TokenInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\CapacityTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ComposableInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\FileQueue.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskUpdatedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\KeyFieldBasedComparator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\LoadSplit.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroReflectSerializable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobInitedEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\jvm\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\Encoder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\DataJoinMapperBase.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSLocation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\KeyFieldBasedComparator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DefaultInputDemuxer.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\IncorrectVersionException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\ClientProtocol.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\metrics\DataNodeMetrics.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\PermissionStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\MySQLDBRecordReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\DelegationTokenFetcher.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\LongWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueJobInProgressListener.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\ErrorMessageDialog.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueTaskScheduler.java -> scheduler
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaWaitingToBeRecovered.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DeepCompare.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapTaskRunner.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesReducer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\view\servers\ServerView.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\MultiFileWordCount.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ChunkChecksum.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\SocketOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsUrlStreamHandlerFactory.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\UpgradeManagerNamenode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\DistributedPentomino.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\FieldSelectionMapReduce.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\SequenceFileInputFilter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\StreamFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InvalidFileTypeException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\BZip2DummyDecompressor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\BlockCommand.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\OracleDateSplitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsTag.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\Sender.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\FileInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReduceTask.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskUmbilicalProtocol.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FileOutputCommitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsBufferBuilder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\TotalHeapUsageEmulatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\AvgRecordFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleOutputs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TreePath.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\Util.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\Index.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\CommandUtils.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ReconfigurationUtil.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\BlockManager.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsRecordFiltered.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\DynamicBloomFilter.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSImageCompression.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobStory.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\HadoopPerspectiveFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\BuiltInZlibInflater.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\IndexCache.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\Serializer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesMapRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\LazyOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobSubmittedEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\RawComparable.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\XmlImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\partition\HashPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\server\tasktracker\TTConfig.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueue.java -> scheduler
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeFileUnderConstruction.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\PendingReplicationBlocks.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\DatanodeDescriptor.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerStatistics.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\filter\GlobFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\PolicyProvider.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorJob.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsIntValue.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSLocationsRoot.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\NullOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Seekable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorEventQueue.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\VersionInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\RccConstants.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\dancing\OneSidedPentomino.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Outputter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ResetableIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobInProgress.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\MixedDeletionPolicy.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\SplitCompressionInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SpillRecord.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\DoubleValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\OpenNewMRClassWizardAction.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\RecoveryInProgressException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBSplitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\RaidBlockSender.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ContainerQueue.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\FileInputFormatCounter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3Credentials.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTracker.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Operation.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\VLongWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\Server.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\ClusterSummarizer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\ReduceContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DefaultStringifier.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditsDoubleBuffer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PoolManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\SerialNumberManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\RunOnHadoopWizard.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\StressJobFactory.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\AllocationConfigurationException.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\PermissionParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsSink.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\MRAsyncDiskService.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerInstrumentation.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionCodec.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\ReplayJobFactory.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\DatanodeManager.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\BlockRecoveryCommand.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\ResourceUsageEmulatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3Exception.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DeflateCodec.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\MetaBlockDoesNotExist.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\jmx\package-info.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\NamespaceInfo.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LoggedLocation.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\DirectoryListing.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\DistributedCacheEmulator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobSubmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DateSplitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\ServiceAuthorizationManager.java -> audit
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\UniqValueCount.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\Parser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\DistCh.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskAttemptUnsuccessfulCompletionEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\QuickSort.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\Client.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\InvalidJobConfException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\DistTool.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewDriverWizardPage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogBackupOutputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ReedSolomonCode.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableCounterInt.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\SaslOutputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\AlreadyBeingCreatedException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobInfo.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\Summation.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\NetgroupCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\DefaultTaskSelector.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogBackupInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ftp\FTPInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\EnumSetWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeMapRed.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\JobTokenSecretManager.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Trash.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\ArrayFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\SequenceFileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\Op.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\QueueState.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\MapTypeID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobEndNotifier.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\FSConstants.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TextOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\DataChecksum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobTraceReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\Application.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskAttemptCompletionEvent.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MetricsRegistry.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\MapTaskAttemptInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\AccessControlException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\HdfsLocatedFileStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\ClientCache.java -> pooling
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\UpgradeObjectDatanode.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\CurrentJHParser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraSort.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidShell.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\typedbytes\Type.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSDirectory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\ContentSummary.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobStatus.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\util\MetricsRegistry.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBConfiguration.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockVolumeChoosingPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\PipeMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\JobPriorityChangeEvent.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\JobID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\bzip2\BZip2Constants.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\NameDistributionVisitor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\Receiver.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\RoundRobinDistributionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobSubmissionPolicy.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ProcessTree.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ParsedLine.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TaskInfo.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapReduceBase.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\Consts.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\XORDecoder.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\UnregisteredNodeException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\server\ConfProp.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\ServerCommand.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileAllocationStore.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\JoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableStat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\JavaSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\Status.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\DelegatingRecordReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\Checkpointer.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\metrics\RpcMetrics.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\LinuxMemoryCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\balancer\BalancingPolicy.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\local\RawLocalFs.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\DataBlockScanner.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\tools\GetUserMappingsProtocol.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsException.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsCollectorImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\emulators\resourceusage\CumulativeCpuUsageEmulatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineEditsViewer\EditsVisitorFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\permission\ChmodParser.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\NetworkTopology.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\TransferFsImage.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\zlib\ZlibFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FsUrlConnection.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\UpwardProtocol.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\DistBbp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\io\TextOutputReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\HDFSConcat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\ConnectionHeader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\actions\DFSActionImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\OutputBuffer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableRate.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\DoubleValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\preferences\MapReducePreferencePage.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\LongValueSum.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\mapred\DocumentAndOp.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Options.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\RackNode.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\UnresolvedLinkException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskAttemptID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\Syncable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\RefreshUserMappingsProtocol.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FilterFileSystem.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\Decompressor.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\NewReducerWizard.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ViewFsFileStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\viewfs\ConfigUtil.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenSecretManager.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\DecompressorStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\avro\AvroReflectSerialization.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSImageSerialization.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\RemoveScheme.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\WrappedRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableGauge.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\delegation\AbstractDelegationTokenSecretManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\WrappedRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\launch\MutexRule.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixJobSubmissionPolicy.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\MetricValue.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileAlreadyExistsException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeStatusReport.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Touchz.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\LightWeightGSet.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\util\ResourceCalculatorPlugin.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JField.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\servers\IHadoopServerListener.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\Record.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorTaskTrackerStatus.java -> heartbeat
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\JoinRecordReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaAlreadyExistsException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\protocol\PolicyList.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\LocalBlockFixer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\aggregate\LongValueMax.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskAttemptID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Ls.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\RewindableInputStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaInPipeline.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\CorruptFileBlockIterator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\capacity-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskDataView.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\filecache\DistributedCache.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobACLsManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\QueueInfo.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSFolder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobBuilder.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\data_join\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\utils\join\SampleTaggedMapOutput.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\GangliaConf.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\Configured.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\FileOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\ReduceAttemptFinishedEvent.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3OutputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\BlockListAsLongs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\Task20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\kfs\KFSInputStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\UpgradeManagerDatanode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskCounter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\authorize\ProxyUsers.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\dfs\DFSFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\UTF8.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleInputs.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\MapFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskMemoryManagerThread.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DataDrivenDBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\package-info.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\KeyUpdateCommand.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\JobContextImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\FileSink.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\CompressionCodecFactory.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\AvroRpcEngine.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\RaidNode.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\dynamic-scheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\PriorityAuthorization.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Mkdir.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\BlockCompressorStream.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSClusterStats.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\ImageLoaderCurrent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\RandomSeedGenerator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MapOutputFile.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\ReplicaUnderRecovery.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\eclipse-plugin\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\eclipse\Activator.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorJobClient.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskAttemptContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JFile.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\nativeio\NativeIO.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TaskAttemptInfo.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\retry\RetryPolicy.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\BackupImage.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLogOp.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\TaskReport.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\ImageLoader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\sink\ganglia\AbstractGangliaSink.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ParsedConfigFile.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\ReduceTaskStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Schedulable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\Progressive.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricType.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobQueueInfo.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\db\DBConfiguration.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\ArrayListBackedIterator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\snappy\SnappyDecompressor.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\DataTransferProtoUtil.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsPlugin.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenIdentifier.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\Random16.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ServicePlugin.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsRecordBuilderImpl.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\util\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\DBCountPageView.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobTrackerInstrumentation.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\HsftpFileSystem.java -> authenticate
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\jobhistory\TaskFailedEvent.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\WrappedMapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\LogRecordType.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Mapper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobPriority.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ReduceAttempt20LineHistoryEventEmitter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\aggregate\ValueAggregatorCombiner.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\GzipCodec.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\tools\offlineImageViewer\IndentedImageVisitor.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\PriorityQueue.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\filecache\TaskDistributedCacheManager.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\BlockReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\FilePool.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\contrib\fairscheduler\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskSelector.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GridmixKey.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\OverrideRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DefaultOutputter.java -> pooling
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeInt.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\DeskewedJobTraceReader.java -> scheduler
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\InvalidPathException.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\datanode\BlockSender.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\serializer\DeserializerComparator.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\datatransfer\BlockConstructionStage.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\GenerateDistCacheData.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\TextOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\FileOutputFormatCounter.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraGen.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MBeanInfoBuilder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\CompositeContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\HadoopVersionAnnotation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\filecache\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\common\UpgradeObjectCollection.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\JobConfPropertyNames.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\mumak\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\SimulatorTaskTracker.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\DfsServlet.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\HdfsFileStatus.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\MD5MD5CRC32FileChecksum.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\conf\ReconfigurableBase.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\blockmanagement\DecommissionManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\RecordWriter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\FsUsage.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\JVector.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\spi\Util.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\UserLogCleaner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\PipesPartitioner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\tools\MRAdmin.java -> scheduler
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLogLoader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\db\DBInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\example\LineDocInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\MultiFilterRecordReader.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MetricsSourceBuilder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\meta\VectorTypeID.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\MultiFileSplit.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\LocatedFileStatus.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\CombineFileSplit.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\gridmix\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\gridmix\JobCreator.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\ToolRunner.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\map\RegexMapper.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\CsvRecordOutput.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\util\DataTransferThrottler.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\lib\MultipleTextOutputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\ConfigManager.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\StatusReporter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\security\token\TokenIdentifier.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\ipc\VersionedProtocol.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\ClusterJspHelper.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\pipes\BinaryProtocol.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsBuffer.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\Join.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\pi\math\ArithmeticProgression.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\DelegatingInputFormat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricGaugeFloat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\lib\MutableGaugeLong.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\join\CompositeInputSplit.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\AbstractMapWritable.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\FileContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\record\compiler\generated\SimpleCharStream.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\Parser.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\vaidya\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\vaidya\postexdiagnosis\PostExPerformanceDiagnoser.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\delegation\DelegationTokenIdentifier.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\join\ComposableRecordReader.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\Reporter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\file\tfile\MetaBlockAlreadyExists.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSEditLog.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\ClusterTopologyReader.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\security\token\block\BlockTokenSecretManager.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\classification\tools\package-info.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics\ganglia\GangliaContext.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\impl\MetricsSystemImpl.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\input\MultipleInputs.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\INodeDirectoryWithQuota.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\raid\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\raid\XOREncoder.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\util\bloom\RetouchedBloomFilter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3FileSystemException.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\chain\ChainReducer.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\shell\Stat.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3native\NativeFileSystemStore.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\http\lib\StaticUserWebFilter.java -> authenticate
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\compress\SnappyCodec.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\HeartbeatResponse.java -> heartbeat
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\net\DNSToSwitchMapping.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JSPUtil.java -> scheduler
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\lib\output\MultipleOutputs.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\index\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\contrib\index\lucene\ShardWriter.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\IOUtils.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\protocol\InterDatanodeProtocol.java -> pooling
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\Sort.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\TaskTrackerStatus.java -> heartbeat
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\EditLogFileInputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\S3FileSystemConfigKeys.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\BlockLocation.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JVMId.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\DataOutputOutputStream.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\AbstractFileSystem.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapreduce\task\reduce\package-info.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\terasort\TeraValidate.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\KeyValueTextInputFormat.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\contrib\streaming\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\streaming\Environment.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\io\TwoDArrayWritable.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\examples\org\apache\hadoop\examples\BaileyBorweinPlouffe.java -> unrelated
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\server\namenode\FSNamesystem.java -> audit
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\fs\s3\Block.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\mapred\JobStatusChangeEvent.java -> scheduler
hdfs\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\hdfs\protocol\DatanodeID.java -> unrelated
common\src\java\org\apache\hadoop\metrics2\MetricsCollector.java -> unrelated
mapreduce\src\tools\org\apache\hadoop\tools\rumen\TopologyBuilder.java -> unrelated
